Week 10 Meeting-20251114_120548-Meeting Recording
November 14, 2025, 1:35AM
1h 18m 21s
Ben Ye started transcription
Chuafa Vachoima (Student)   0:06That what? Well, that's what. OK.
   0:10I think he is.OK.OK.Do you know the?OK. Then we can just get started.So.Who does anyone have slides or things to go through?My house is for decoding and advice for the X, so maybe it's the X the opinion 1-2 similarly show to everybody OK.Do you have any?So that code like slide as well because I'm doing initialization the way we did was XWYN rooms doing C and then Vivien and I doing, he was doing what the.OK, now she's saying overtime, and that's what we're doing.OK.So you have you all have stuff to protect.And then.I will also send some time aside to go through the progress report.Because it's due actually just over.Yeah. And next week is really the last week to be happen for this trimester because it's your Monday. So I don't think we.We can meet after if you want to. If we've. If you want to.Let's.Say, talk a bit about planning for Part B. Just some last minute.Issues so I'm happy to keep the spot, but technically you're like all your workers finished on Monday? Yeah. Which means next week is really mostly the last week to get any feedback about the.Derby now. OK, do you want?To start next.Oh my part is to the short what I have done is kind of right there. Thanks. You see? OK we can.Put the end and end and then we can. I will. I will use the beta to try and simulate and we can pick the mean and the cut out. And if you want the zero to 1 probability you can just.Enter the pop and if you want the -1 to 1, you can.And for the ADG, OK, OK. Then if you want your opinion, have some correlation, you can change to one if independent to zero and see.Then after that we will output some data. Yes, this is how you want.OK. And at the last part, we can show the problem of all our data and see if it's if it's match our needs so.It is kind of my part and actually I also have the definition in at the beginning. If you don't want to see, you can skip. If you want to check about it, you can just show them this kind of.
Kaveesha Periyapperuma   3:51Want to chat about it?
   3:56It's all of my work.Yes, OK, good. So you have an ability to control the distribution.Just change the.Parameters you can actually because the Keppra is the parameter for the beta distribution. Yeah, but there's two parameters. Yeah. And mean and cover.OK.Yes, in case they don't know what is the alpha and beta right.I see.Go back to your first slide.Yes. OK. Well, yeah, I mean, this is this will be useful for your progress report.OK.Yeah, because so I'll go through.You would want to be writing in methods about various things you're implementing.So if you can show a figure that looks like this.Yes.Contains thinking about how to write the progress report.No longer too much ISO.Yeah, OK. Yeah, this is good. So.Capital.Consent consultation of the data points. Yeah, you see here is to pay. The cover is 100 and the mean is 0.7.So they will stay on five consents consensus and they condense together.OK, so here's the question.So let's say you want to, let's say you pick some, go back to Slide 2.So let's say you you have a particular parameter set up for X.And you want to run multiple simulations with different random seeds. OK, so maybe you want to run 100 different simulations with the same.Parameters at the top. Does your code allow you to do that? Or like in a for loop? Or do you need to enter the spanning each time?To generate X there are at this stage I don't have for loop for.It. Yeah. So my thinking is like, yeah, you can imagine you want to run it in a for loop. So like for the.Let's say the top 4 parameter settings you want to run 100 simulations because, for instance, if you didn't do the dummy matrix and every time you generate a different matrix that you run it with the same.Data.Why would you want to do 100?Times so that you can.Make some claim about the average output of your data.So every time you change every time you generate X0, the distribution is slightly different. Every time you generate, doubling the distribution slightly different. So if you want to have conclusions which are robust, it's like if.I.The real world experiment.You don't just have a single data point, you want to have 100. You want to run the experiment 100 times, so you can be sure of what you're observing.Yeah.On your history of Brendan.What is that? Because I was reading through your documentation.It's like my was just visualisation. It was pretty straightforward.But I think.What I am missing? Premier documentation. The red lines are processing like just like naturally about like a data distribution with no time and then to see if you're on kind of matches.Those or something like that, it's like.It's like.The ideal line.And trying to show my my simulation is right.Visualisation.Mr Trump.Yeah, it's like I was. I was focusing more on like creating the views. So we should respond like.And then the other one which is.Too. So actually when I was like looking at the case, I think I should add more things, but currently I only have like something which is like the.The numbers of agents and it delivers and it probability, and also based on the distribution in the seats. Yeah. Yeah. And then based on the other days play some part about like, I'm not sure about. Like if I'm going to start correctly or not then we have to do the the most stochastic things. Right. So when we are trying to.OK, OK.And they want to kind of round it up with just.Yeah, this is the part that what you recommend. You know this condition. It seems as if, like they were just going to take the difference and then like add it to like the watches.This rate, yeah.So I mean this is the part.'S fine, yeah.If we, you know, like, make it inconsistent.Right, right.Yeah.It needs to be exact, otherwise if it's like slightly off, it will blow.Up, yes. Yeah, yes.Oil go to 0, so let's just go through it. So the best is you creating the weights by data distribution.Yeah. And then like?The ISI, all those with random numbers into it. And then.We have like.Doesn't work, points right, and then you're trying to find out there would be different.Yes, goodbye. Make a suggestion and suggest not to use random weights.Not to use random.I think you should use.I always get this wrong, but I think they're called Metropolis.Essentially, it's just.Actually.Right.You can just wait. I've just spoken to chairs from.Yeah, I'm thinking to.No, that's fine. I'll get you get you.I mean.Some people.Oh yeah, we're going to make one of.OK.The chicken. Oh, he's going on.This is.Yes. So actually the So what I would actually suggest just to keep things simple.Because I think you want to have something ready for progress before. Yes, right. So what I would suggest is actually.Just do Unicorn once.So if so, what I would do here?So you take the West matrix that you generated from the. This is it a. So you take a.The identity matrix, so you will have self loops and then every row.Yes.You just set the weights to be one over.The degree so one over the degree I still OK. So it means like it will be the weight is indoor, right?Over the road.Yes, I think that is just going to.Keep your life busy and.OK, OK. So it's in the case.Itself.Yes, I think.That if you if.You end up deciding really needed. You could maybe, probably you could probably do it halfway through Part B if you really needed to.But my feeling is right now, like I don't think it's really that important, really important to have because you have enough randomness in the structure of.And in the initial opinions and on the other things, so you don't need more randomness.From the weight itself and it's it's just a bit easier to.Thank you. So I think it's.Yeah. OK. So we're just trying to.Initial, OK. Is that the case? I'll be based on that like.Everything is. Yeah. Yeah. Noise. Yeah, which is.Based on.Them I mean the notes that have high degree and have like high probability to be connected.Yeah, I think that's missing. We need to focus on progressing. OK, good.All right.So we'll see here.I could not see it. I did my other simulation last night, so let me finish off.I'm so sorry. I'm pretty sure about the simulation. Digital science one last one.Really. Yes. So so.Commissioner, you.Who's who's sharing all?Right.It's just the the what do you call it? Everyone. And this looks like everyone's expected to have either a.CSV file or like a dot MATLAB like.A variable file.And it would.Need to be in the format of like X.Like X file it and then you know which topic and then it would just be like.Like a three by 3D everybody basically.And then just put it.And I do want to make it look a bit better because right now it just looks like that.That's just like random.Did you generate the the. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, it's.OK, random distribution. OK. Distribution, just to show how the the plotting works and then?It would.Just look like that, but obviously like if you use Ben's simulation would look different so.It looks a.Bit different right now, just like how I'm looking.Yes, because if you have lots of APS, yeah.Like 100 because.It's just like 2 Asians with 3 tops.So a couple of different options. You could have one of these for each topic.OK, so there's a few different options.So one of them is you have just like one of these plots with 100 agents or.Topic one and then another option could be.You pull up the.Average for each.Or you could plot somehow like.The average plus like a transpix sort of slightly transparent envelope covering 95% of the opinions.So it's kind of.Average. And then there's like a little shaded. There's like a shaded area here, which is kind of.So there were 100 agents. This would be like the opinion of.Largest like 95th largest in the world, this would be the 5th smallest within the. So you're just showing somehow the average population.The pop the top of the population properly so the average was like how widely it's distributed.Like the confidence.Was not. Yeah, it's conceptually like the confidence in the border. It's not because.I need to plus the average for each topic as well.You could do that.And then the so that would just be the same topic, but with the confidence interval kind of thing. It's just like the same average. I think you have.I've been able to.Try an additional layer.Yeah. So you'll have to try it out with some like action outputs.Yeah.Yeah, I will. I want to use like maybe things, but.His one is just so clear. OK, so I would need some you.Would need the action some.Other properties and the CS as well.To we would need the X of the time.Yeah, exactly. Just like that actual entry PD array.Should count this. I mean I can.Include, like all of those options, maybe in the function itself. Maybe the user can choose like what kind of.The answer there's a.Lot there are quite a few different options like OK so another one would be.You could use the same colour for every agent.For the same topic, right? So like, let's say you just pick blue for topic 1 and so both agents 1 and 2.Not going to be blue because you might not care which would be what the agent number is.I just how the topic changes.Yes. So if you look at, sorry, I'm just going to switch. So if you look at.The confidence interval I just.Follow 95% envelope.So.I think.Yes. So if you look at the where?Yeah.I use the same colour.For the same topic, because I don't care which of these agents, what the numbers are, I just care about comparing. So that's an option if there's 100.Maybe you still want one.One per topic.Or what you can do is to, let's say you could randomly sample 10 agents per topic.OK.Does that make sense? So instead of putting all 100, you just sample 10 of them.Randomly and then.We would end up with something like this.So you have to play around a little bit with it, but.Just like options so that.Because I also know you can, but how do you have like a series of?Exactly.My suggestion would be in MATLAB to produce each part independently, and then if you're using latex, you could use some lots of latex to actually put.Yeah.So yeah, I think you have to make some sort of like decision like, yeah, so there's there's too many lines you either from the average you sample 10 out of 100 lines.Or you split them into different figures.Might have to try it out.What actually works?Because it will also depend like for example it's a little bit hard to know. So for example in this case everything goes to a consensus, so you can technically plot all the 100 lines.Because.Eventually, everything just is a single line.But if it's like this one, then you don't unplug all because you just have a.Yeah.Another way to potentially do it if you're not looking to plot over time, you could plot the plot. It is actually like X0, so the way you did.If you if you remember, if you plotted it like that.A distribution of the histogram.You don't have to do this frame, you can also just right.So if it's more like the top one right, where there's lots of disagree, you can plot the initial distribution.Compared to the final one.Oh, yeah, right. Oh, yeah. So this is like, just like a wise of time, yeah.Well, this would be the wild.Yeah.One and then time 50, yes.Yeah. So that's another way to.To do it as well.And then you can message, especially if there's like some sort of distribution of this, it gives you a much clearer idea of like how things have shifted.It's weird because.Snapshot.So yeah, lots of ways.What I would suggest though is.For your progress report.Maybe just find something that works and focus on writing the report. Yeah, so you know you can be doing this in Part B or in the summer, or when the time your priority, if it's to do the progress report, I would suggest to find something that works.So that everyone can use it, but that it's just one of the potential options because you don't have time, I think to.1.I would my only suggestion would be to.One of these for each topic so.If.You.Have 4 topics. You would have four of these.OK.So all agents but.That.Would be my suggestion for the progress.OK.And I'm doing the visualisation of the X excerpt changes over time which?You you showed it a similar graphic a little bit.And then that's the output of my.Gamble.Exactly.Just randomly choosing network and then.Set up the West.Randomly.And then to show the changes over time.Yeah.But I have a questions. When doing this because I'm also like taking the W input for this one. So if the W is very large.So how do I how do I visualise?In like.Yeah.So actually just before before I forget.That may be. I would suggest to use a scalar scale where it doesn't pass through white. OK yeah, I know that my one did. That wasn't a very good idea, so I would suggest to somehow go from.Yeah, so doesn't pass through white because then the loads are wired and it's quite bad to see. Now you might have to find adjust the scale to see what works OK so.How many notes is this? It's like 30.So a couple.I guess things to think about.Do you do you need?To be visualising all that so that you only have like 1000 patients.Is it really important to visualise the 1000 patients on?On the network? Or is it like is this?Going to be really.Just how people will visualise.And show.Have you tried?Putting like 1000 agents and seeing what happens.Do you want it right now?Well, let's try like 200.It's not too bad, right?I mean, to me that's still.You can still visualise.It.It's not OK, so now try to see what happens.Today, everyone, just beginning neutral overtime.Yeah, well.It just one sample, but it depends on your it's.Equals 100 and what's on my right? Does that mean everyone should like really mutual? They have no.So if if did you generate this from a uniform distribution or a normal distribution? Yes.Let's just.Random. So it's normal distribution, so it will.Go to 0 because.Because the way the model works.And you will always actually mathematically you can show that it converges to the.Weighted average of all the initial conditions.If your initial condition is distributed around 0, you'll converge to the average.You can change if the weights are like if the weights are not exactly even, but if the weights are close to even, you'll converge more or less to the average of the ex.But that will change. For instance, if you have like two different types of populations, or W has some asymmetry, or the C matrix is.OK so.I think that's.It's time to look a little bit.SC.And.So then Matlab there are, I think some.Plotting.Sorry, there's like.Options in the lot where you can try to change the algorithm that is generating the network. So do you want to? Can you just pull up the?Yeah.Code for me.So how are?You plotting it was the plot.Just go to the where you fly. Actually through there should be command and plot the network.It's it's.No, no. So just go back to that and go up.Go down, go down.Yeah. So I think there are additional options that you can choose which changes the the algorithm that's being used to work.Created. So that's a possible thing to play around with.But I would say like even if you included this, it's probably not that bad. So if you go back to the.Yeah, I don't know what you guys think, but to me there would be like perfectly fine.There's some line changes.Yeah, if you want to, like, show like a really large network, what you might need to do is export it into a different. So the software that I.'M giving.This is a dedicated.This is specifically for like maybe.Could you?You shouldn't try this one.So this one creates like much more, let's say, visually striking figures.So in this case, what you might want to do is.Like I would suggest not to do any progress report and your final report like let's say you want to illustrate an example.Like a specific example for your live stream network. Then you could export it.Into this and then create the figure form from here.Yeah. And then you have the ability to like assign load attributes so you can assign the colour, the IGB colour and more or less work in the same way this.Useful for sure.Because I'm just trying to think of my.Date six. Different personal say that's that would be like each cluster each person.If you wanted to show how the.Percentage were laid out.Whereas in like what Vivian's been doing the attendance.Which is 1. So then you would have like maybe not 6.So it's really about what you what purpose you're trying to.Yeah, because I would say like one that's like 6 different.Jellyfish working.This one I think this is like.Some it's probably like communities at their.Yeah. OK.So this stuff is specifically for like visualising large scale network pretty.I'm not really sure it's that grateful.But I would say like in this case, this is probably more or less appropriate.I think so. And even if they showed up in the final report.I think that'll be OK.Well, did you set the edge alpha to be like quite transparent? Does that usually helps with?Which one? The edge alpha. So like the the transparency of the edge if you reduce.OK.And then maybe you can like turn it out to be like black. But then if you make it like 90% transparent or just very light grey?OK. All right. So that's I think everyone that wanted to.So.Before we go to the progress.Does everyone feel more comfortable with how the codes progressed?Like ideally, if you wanted a feeling like.You can go into party and actually do something. Work isn't mostly just like constantly.Like I was supposed to take all the money together in because I have a question because I think, I think, remember your first few examples you show for the visualisation that just.For that, I think you had done a code where the plotting functions inside the actual function.Feel like because after each run you're responding the thing and then that way you could show like heterogenous.Maybe and then like different types of seed, by the way that my I'm doing mine, it's just like it's just based on the matrix. There's no way to see like how each.Like what? C or whatever region like?So the way I would suggest is.The code to generate.CW and X and then to run the simulation to create the X. That should be more like.You can probably all integrate into a single script.But it might be different depending on each of your specific research questions, so that one you might have to do it yourself. So like in your case I think you're working on the opinion leaders, right?So you might need to.Tweak.The various bits and then set up a like a main simulation script which allows you to run like a handic simulations where you can change the input parameters like the.Whether it's a lot stronger or the output network.Whether the beta distribution has a certain meaning concentration.And then there should what I would suggest is it should spit out like a CSV or a map dot map by which records the X records the C records the W records.Yeah, that's it. Because if you record X or the whole time, you'll have X0 and the rest of the X.So then that will so then that way like as you run the simulations, you'll just have different CSV files corresponding to different.WS and CS and like the and it will record all of your parameters and it will pull on the data output and then you can take that in a separate script file.Yeah. So then?So then you have.A like a separate script file which just focuses on the body and the input would be whatever CSV you want to select. Yeah, yeah, and then it'll be like maybe different modules within the plotting, whether it's for the network or for the.Well, I mean, I.Would say the work for combining it should be quite fast, so more or less you could do it.By yourself, because the inference would be yes. So if you can create it so that the input the output from your one can go as an input to.Yeah.That would, but then for each WNC, they would just have to explore the CSV separately and just label it up.Well, you have a single CSV which contains WC.Just.Because I'm pretty CSV, right? Just the output from one simulation model.So it's like 40 array.Well, it depends on how we structure the CSS.Shavinga.net file is 1 bit because then you don't have to.Convert.It to CSV and you just say you just save everythingas.net files.You can keep it within.Now the other thing I was going.To.Suggest.If you're running like lots and lots of simulations, you might not need to save the opinions for all time. You might just want to sort. Well, you might only need to save the initial.So again, it depends on what you're trying to do, right? If you're trying to plot opinions over time, then you will need to save all everything, evaluate every time. Today, yeah, but you probably only need that for like 1 simulation, not.When it comes to 100, you're probably more like comparing with distribution.Anyway.You can try and plan a little bit, but there might. You might still need to make adjustments.Later on, but if you've got all the grammar done, then the adjustment should be.OK.OK.So that's.Good.Yes, I was. I was say if I look by the end of a, let's say, a few extremely motivated to work out over the summer with all Part B starts more or less you want to be comfortable with the code to the point where Part B you can actually.Switch over to thinking about how your research question fits into the code. If you can do that by the start of Part B, then you.OK, so in the remaining time I was going to go through the progress report.And roughly speaking, what to do for.And then I'm not sure.You've like what advice you've received about what's happening.Then.OK.As far as I can tell, the main suggestion is that you do it in two.Next.Yeah, next year too.So.Then these expire.I think it's going to in.May it's a kind of similar experience.So we start too much.This is this is a second of March 2nd, 1st English I don't.Think they have in my visa?I don't.Talk to me.At least try that we spend 1 is actually shorter than.Entertainment saving.Uh, I said this.Thing I think maybe like 10. I think it's 10.S yeah.So.Does that mean that they have classes like like extra classes per week?I'm not sure about.For this one, there are like.OK. So I'll just.So if you if you're unsure about what's going on, e-mail Dan Stevenson because he's in charge of the actual DS programme.So these are the dates I think for term 1 like 2nd of March to just 10th of May.And.For next.Support term one I have to check exactly who signs up for party because I don't know like whether there's some students will decide not to do an internal one or something but.What I'm also thinking is by that time.You're more or less splitting off to do your thing.So I'm not sure if it's still necessary that you'd like to meet as a group. It might be what I might do is I have to, I'll think a bit about how to like most efficiently run this, but it could be possible, for example.Let's say every week I will have like, I don't know, 4 hours.Where you can sign up to like you can essentially book like 1/2 hour slot to meet in Brazil and talk about specific.Progress and maybe that's going to be better because also by that time you might not want to meet every week.Maybe you do, but more or less. Then you can just like fill in all the times and maybe there's like a sign up sheet.That.You can just.Book in a time. So first come, first serve.So when it comes to what's the expectation that we include finally, like do like a presentation?Like that or.Something like that too.OK, I'm approaching.The class lecturing this endless. I don't know how they how elitable arrange it, but I think I'm present.Yes, and I'm bringing the final report, which will be I think I think the only two assessments you have for the package. Yeah. And if I might say, I think so, yeah. If if you're able to get the code more or less.That's led to the point where you can actually just focus on your questions for Part B.What I would say is.Because it's a 10 week thing as opposed to 12 or 13 weeks. But you should focus on, OK, you can't do like 5 simulations and call it a day, but I wouldn't be stressing about like trying to do a lot of simulations and.Getting lots of results, right?It's probably better if you, let's say, get 3 research questions in your proposal that you only do one of them and you're able to do it very well and provide.Like a really high quality report.I would sort of value that more highly of, but then if you try to do all the research questions and you went all the way to week 9 of turn 1 before you started writing your book.So my suggestion would instead be like just do some simulations to the point where you can write up the results.Right it up. And then if you have time left, I will do some more. Yeah. So that would be my last score. So don't try and.Keep running simulations all the way to the very end of term, and then try and like throw together a report.Thank you.OK.Yes, given the holidays should be now and.All right. OK. So what's the progress?Has everyone? Has anyone looked at the?That's interesting, volume's up.Have you guys looked at what's required?Yeah.Yep. OK, so 6000 words.There is this lighting template. Or you could just build from your proposal if you have a template already set up.OK so.Would someone would like to share their proposal on the screen so that I can have some sort of reference point?I'm talking about to do next.Yeah, if you don't mind.OK.No, there's someone else. Yeah. Mine. Oh, did you share?All right.I guess it depends on how you look at 6000 words, because some people will think that's very easy. You know this would be like this one too much.But.What I would.Suggest is like unless your introduction was already very short, I would try to reduce it by about.30 to 50%.Just because I think you will need more space to talk about all the other stuff that you've done since. So the first suggestion is to.You can just take this document as a site like I would suggest you just.And you know whether you produce it by removing sentences in each paragraph or you just delete one paragraph that you think is no longer really important.I wouldn't worry too much.About like.The fact that you have more or less taking the same text from your proposal, using it as.Well, can I plagiarise plagiarise?Well, I will. My sharp on Twitter, but I can see what the sources. So if I see the sources yourself.OK.Yeah.Especially because this is not like not trying to publish.So I don't care if like.Big overlap.OK.I would say that it's probably the same for the background.But again, I will potentially try and reduce it because if you want more space to talk about.OK, OK, next page.So mainly about the process we get right.There's a few things. So the first is I think you should expand on the methodology that you have already.So for example.With first part you talking about equation 1 and the multi dimensional model. Yeah. Now I think you could probably be writing a bit to explain how.The West matrix.Captures the network because it's an adjacency matrix for all network.And you can talk about the C matrix and a bit more detail how each entry works, how it also represents a network.Other topics are interrelated.So that's more detail than what you would have in a proposal because you have more time to learn about it, understand.So maybe expand order all the parameters now explain how it works.Of course.Too soon, but you also need to have space for other things.OK, so the new things that will appear in the message.You will talk a bit more about how you're setting up the simulations.So that will be for instance.Talk.In the simulation setup, we need to generate X0 and now we have some detail about how we've done it. So you're you're going, you're using a data distribution to provide a flexible way to adjust how the opinions are being created.Yeah. So that's something. Now you can write about.Well, the West matrix. You can then talk about how you're going to use synthetic networks.And that in particular.You've selected what's robust and then parabasy output models. You can write a little bit about how they work.So these are now all things that you have.And you can even talk about.All right, so my case, I put music.So that's one, OK.But then you were then to say what you what you doing instead?But the item.Is you're essentially writing what is.You've done so far. Yeah, it's.It's kind of like how we learn about from the SJ model and how we try to.With the coding and why is it this is physical or suitable for the model I?Don't think you need.To do that too much at the moment, because there's still a progress report. OK. Yeah. So I think you just said something like that once rogart network.Is a synthetic network that people often use.As a replacement for like a real social network structure, that's enough. You don't have to like, go into much more justification than that.With the with the X0 you could just say well, the beta distribution spectacle, because it allows us to create different types of distributions, which you might likely encounter.In a real population, that's probably we need to, right?Like.I said only over a service level. Yeah, maybe in, like the final report. You would and a reference.You would maybe try and explain a bit more about why it was one thing, but for the progress report I think as long as you describe what you've done and.At least for the sort of some of the parts you've tried to explain why you've done.And you might want to separately have a subsection that briefly talks about the belief like structure code.Yes. So the methods I think now should include the mathematical modelling part.2 million.And.How you?Implementing the simulation, So what I just talked about and when I say how I mean like you've chosen a watch robot's model, you've chosen to be the distribution.So that's how we implemented and then the code structure would be, in a sense saying like the way that.You're coding it.Up in depiction.You don't have to show the code itself, you don't put screenshots of code.And but what you might want to do is like, I guess, do you know what pseudo code is? Yeah, so you could describe it as a pseudo code.There's like.A.If following this thing, which is.Sort of like an algorithmic.Representation of.Of the code.So.If you if if.This helps you explain your code. Then you can follow something like this.It's backwards and the listing.The listing packages to.But you. But this would be really just like you're trying to explain your code at a high level as opposed to how you. Yeah. So this one here would be like input for example.It would be.Number of agents.Number of topics.And then the output might be X0.WNC. And then here you would just say something like.Runs X0 function.And the network generating function.We want. Yeah, ideally.We have to turn the.Yes, but again, I don't think it needs to be a very detailed.You don't have to describe it. Every single line of the code, every single feature.Yeah. So I would, I would be very cautious about sending too much time on this section.I would not spend too much.Are you working on?Details.How are you?No, I must be.OK, so very simple way is you could just put the link to.So here's the original code. That's like a basic structure of like what would.Convex because we have like a master like.We have created like separate blocks. It's going to be.We.Have what?We have a combination.Create a new.Branch, you could each one create a fork to use of fork. Yeah, that's like the online branch, but it's different versions for GitHub.Yeah, but like what I would just say is if you happen to have a link, that's fine. If you don't, that's also OK.They're here really not trying to like showcase the code itself. You're trying to describe.What you've done to date, which is why I express like don't get too caught up on this section.Actually.Like sample outputs from these.Model and then we would like.I would include the sample output because then it would just be AW.Matrix. That's like an electric grass and stuff. Yes, yes.I'll get to that next.Yeah, but you can just describe like the output. It's like a W matrix, ones and zeros.OK, so the yeah, the new segment that I would suggest is.Somebody would like preliminary results.Thanks.We can just say the results again just to explain that they're preliminary.So here you would be in a sense illustrating the output of the code.Which could be.The block said again shows like the network plots.And maybe in that case you could have one plot for what's wrong.By the way, so actually I just realised that in when Trafa showed.And.Network. There was an. Yeah. So that's one of the options I think about that. You can force it to be you can use like some of the algorithm to change the way that.Yeah. The other thing I noticed is you made it so that the degree.Is that sorry, the node size is somehow scaled to the degree, so that's another thing you could potentially.If you wanted to.Yes. So so the primary result.You're probably just trying to show what the codes been able to produce.These graphs of the things that we.I don't think you need to spend too much.Time.Explaining like this how to interpret the results?Thank you, councillor justice.So we thought it showed 1, yes.And yeah, and I would say that would be more or less.Good.It's a place to be in terms of like describing the results so far, I'd say.If you are in the position to, you could write briefly about the plan for.And that might mean might be sort of circled back to the research questions that are listed in your proposal.But now hopefully you have like a little.Bit more of an idea of how exactly, given all the code you've got certified, how.Are you going to actually implement it?What should we talk about? How we've been using?If you if you have.Time. And if you can't but.There's just out of curiosity, the group story has has anyone the actual simulation of mine, or is it?That you know, for looked at producers X over time.So you take X0, you take W, you take X and then it should produce X. And like the array that commissioned.So that's probably something that needs to be done.Although you have, I mean it's there should be quick to adapt from the code you already have right? Because for a member before that.Before the presentation.You already were able to run like simple versions of the model, so if you're able to take that and just quickly adapt it to the X0, the West and the C that gets produced.Then yeah, you should be able to use that already.OK.So that should be in the other.Well, if you want to include like one of those things over time.Yeah. Oh, yeah.Like the sun, you actually need to have something that's simulated.So it has to come from.The actual distributions we're talking about, yes.So yeah, so like if you actually want to include this and you need to actually have simulation pilot.The part that runs the model for.Actually, cannot just focus on our coding. We need to discuss each part of the coding and combine the team.OK.OK.Well, in the in this current meeting you had a quick update of whatever analysis. Hopefully that should be.I guess.I would say.This is probably something for you to worry about over the summer or Part B.The one thing I.The one.I think that was missing.From what you showed is like.The metrics that you can fill.It so.You've got the visualisation.And then if you're measuring the mean, you probably want to. I mean you want to function.If you're trying to measure something other than the variance.You also need to write a function for it, but I would say that's reminding you now, so you have time to think after the progress report.You should not be focusing on it now.So.If you remember, I sent that I put up a page.I think it might.I'm pretty sure the DV paper provided the coding GitHub.Sullivan is in Spanish, yes.So one of them's Italian, London, Spanish.Yeah.Right now.OK, but there's a function of that for the two, OK.Just keep in mind that.I think it's not really apply you want to not just visualise it, you want to say some sort of summary statistics about the outputs.If you think about that block, for example, we want to compare the mean and the standard deviation of the initial.So like the one topic went from perfect consensus to a perfect consensus. Or it went from polarisation to perfect consensus. This like actually at times 0 on the end is this kind of what we.Yes, well one is, you have to plot it and then two, you actually have to have the numbers.But yeah, well, the histogram is based. That's basically histogram.Yeah, I think that's.So that's what I would suggest and say.Take your proposal, reduce the introduction, expand the methodology. Both what you currently have and also add some new parts and.Preliminary results.And if you actually know rough plan, then you can write it if not.Right.So that probably can bring more efficient.Well, I don't think you should remove all of it, but you probably don't need to go into as much detail. For example about yet.We didn't have like.A section. Yeah. Well, I would say that's.The that's in the background, yeah, is that?Yeah. So the progress report I think is.Again, if if you're struggling to keep it within 6000 words.Then the thing to do will be to remove and turn the background.Yes. And I would say.Like technically you can get insurance exactly as in the proposal, but then you had fewer words.About the actual progress.To feel was convinced me that you get a higher and if you want to do that, you'll get a better.So.In terms of.Giving us.So next week is the last time we meet.But I know it's also quite busy. So what I was what I would suggest.We'll maybe.A. So if you can send me your reports by say, Thursday noon, then I'll do what I did last time, which is print them off. Write down my comments.You can pick them up on Friday morning.Have a read and then we can talk about it in the meeting. Again, I think that's probably, yeah. So I think you guys probably got a bit read the comments before the meeting. Yeah. So let's just round it out Thursday noon.And send them to me so I can put them off before I go.So if you send it to me after 5:00 PM.Then I.Forbidden.I'll go through it and then Friday morning I'll come pick it up. I can leave it outside my office if I'm not around.Yeah. And what I would suggest is.If you're struggling with time.Probably the better thing to do is just have a set of bullet points in each of the sections about what you plan to.And so that way I'm giving you feedback more on.On.Your proposed content.I mean, yeah, if I am to provide you feedback, that's probably where it's might happen. So rather than let's say like trying to have the perfect method section, but then you have nothing in the results, maybe you just have some bullet points everywhere and then at least that way I could give.You.Feedback across the entire programme.Pleasure and dog food. So next Tuesday is very close. Yeah. Would you prefer to just come next Friday at the same time now? So what you want?OK, so you want you prefer to meet on Tuesday?So let's say before Monday.If it's OK, just send.Me. Yes, general report. Yeah.Yeah. Are you OK Tuesday?Yes, and but that would be it. Like I wouldn't give you a second round of feedback.So just if you're going after feedback, we come to the meeting on Tuesday.You just have to be clear, like I'm not going to read it again afterwards because I've got other people to give feedback.So if you have one.Set.Of feedback. Then you can decide whether to do it on Tuesday or Thursday or Friday, where you might have more time to.Improve on it.Then I see.We have a better information we have.So the.Writing the chain.So I guess we.OK.Do you?Still.OK.But I'm not sure I would send you for vlex, so yeah, OK.Well, then there's not much opportunity.Are you in? Can we meet in the morning?Well, maybe we think about we are finding.So I have a visible next Tuesday and the only time.I think.Yeah, maybe Friday, yeah.All right.Any other questions about any part of the project?Can you write down?There, the content budget of the structure for us.And we have low reduce some content of the introduction and background.Right. Roughly budget. Yeah. OK. So I guess there was the introduction, the methods of the preliminary results.If I would have hesitated, guess I think, say 1000 words for the introduction.All the methods in 2000.So, OK, what I would say about that is well, one, especially if you submit it to PDF, I can't tell.OK.Yes.OK.And I would say this in general, when I read things.Like how long it feels does not really have anything to.Do with the words it.It's actually about how well you can write, because I've read really long papers that I felt like.Yeah.It was very well written and I've read short papers where I just hated it because I couldn't understand anything.It was either like not enough information or poorly put together, so I think you should use 6000 words as like a good benchmark, but you should focus like if it's 5000 words that you're very happy with how clear it reads and how it smooth everything else and you don't feel like you've wobbled too much.That's OK, but if you're if you're saying, Oh well, I can probably go 6500 just so that I can explain things a little bit better.As long as you're not waffling too much.And.It's not like so little information that I.And if you notice more of the quality of writing within some kind of like you know plus 500 or 800 words up and down.That's like 1000 for Insurance, 300 for me.3.2020.So again, I would say.If you can include figures.Then sometimes you're like you don't need 6000.Because there's a word limit like, it's also like the speed limit. You don't have to go exactly at the speed or the word. So if you have lots of pictures and you can use them in a way to help explain what you've done.And then even if it's four down, I feel like I can't say exactly what you've done that's.We need to slow down good and I feel like I can't.The local names and stuff will just start off like.Look, as long as you've.Got student name on this. I can tell you upgraded.So say.I was recommended a number of your pages.
Ben Ye stopped transcription